THE ART OF TOUCHLESS SEX

zipless fucks and blush edging

Michael Agapé


Chapter 1 — The Zipless Fuck


Erica Jong coined the phrase in her 1973 novel Fear of Flying, and was never entirely forgiven for it.


Her heroine, Isadora, daydreams of an encounter with a stranger on a train. No names, no histories, no questions, no guilt. The zippers fall away "as if by magic."


"The zipless fuck is the purest thing there is," Jong wrote. "And it is rarer than the unicorn. And I have never had one."


What made it zipless in her telling, was the absence of hesitation to disrobe; both physically and emotionally. Unflinching exposure of the soul, through an unapologetic carnality.


The participants must be willing to leave their identities on the night-table, and with them any power games, ulterior motives, and the quiet ledger of who owes whom. 


The zipless fuck is a deep experience precisely because there is no baggage, no history. Maybe both parties are using each other as an excuse to open their heart; but that's ok.


Zipless fucks are indeed unicorns, and I suspect they're encountered by the sensitive only. Most people have never even heard the term.




THE EMPATHY CONNECTION


It may be that to experience a zipless fuck, both parties need to be very empathic, because we empaths are typically highly tuned toward openness. We wear our heart on our sleeve, risking it all in a glance.


Whether sexual or platonic, when we meet someone who matches our energy, we are all in, with no reservations, no ulterior motives, just the desire for mutuality.


The downside of this personality type is that we can come on a bit strong and move too quickly. We default to trust and openness, leaving our borders unguarded. So judicious closing is foreign to our nature, but a skill we need to learn.


The upside is that we are sensitive to people's energetic state and capable of loving deeply. Our superpower is crossing the self/other barrier, when the other party is receptive.


These traits are mostly determined by our in-born psychological type. But everything is part nature and part nurture, so anyone can train their empathy to some degree by doing inner work.




Mind the Gap


Generally, I hate when people change the meaning of words without very good reason. So I'll axe (shivers) you to judge whether mine is sufficient.


For Jong, the zipless fuck was about anonymity; precisely because strangers carry no baggage. 


Her freedom comes because the two people are nothing to each other, so for the length of the encounter, we can be nothing but each other.


My version keeps the biographical anonymity, the freedom from agenda, and the empathic link. The freedom that she imagined from the absence of history and the fullness of presence.


But I hear a second meaning in the phrase, beyond the one that Erica intended.


Staying within her category of sex without hangups, I prefer a narrower meaning for the phrase zipless fuck. Ironically, I use the term to mean "keep it in your pants."


When I first heard the ZF phrase, I had never heard of Erica's work, and I took it to mean sex without disrobing; without unzipping.


By my definition, a ZF is an interaction of subtle energies, while clothed, that feels like naked physical intercourse. The clothes were never really the point. Neither, it turns out, is the touch. The point is exposing and accepting each other's essence.


If there is any physical contact, it is incidental. What's happening is not merely between skin, it's between two nervous systems that have come into transcendental contact through resonance, rather than touch. A meeting conducted at a distance; a feeling across the gap, no contact required. 


I've had two in my life. I offer them not as mysticism, but as lived experiences.






MY FIRST ZF


Decades ago, maybe 1982, I'm standing in queue for a movie behind an attractive girl. This is way, way before COVID social distancing, so we're maybe three feet apart.


During this period, I'm learning Polarity Therapy and practicing meditation, so I'm quite sensitive.


She has a nice butt, and I feel my chi sink down into my pelvis. Immediately she turns her head in surprise, as if I had touched her.
Looking down at the gap between us, she smiles as if she understands immediately.


There's a feeling of intimacy and communication between us. Even love isn't too strong a word. Go ahead, ask me if I've ever felt love at first sight. First glance, sometimes.


I feel her relax into her own second chakra, mirroring me. She must be an empath, too. We drift slightly closer as our energies enter into conversation.


I would swear she's snuggling her bum right into my pelvis, but my eyes insist I'm delusional. I may be crazy, but at least I have good taste.


To test my perception, I send a pulse of erotic energy in her direction. Surprisingly, I feel her reciprocate immediately, without words, without movement, without even looking at me.


Now she caresses me with her eyes again -- sweet, appraising, approving. This time she's wearing a warm, inviting, affectionate grin, and my own surprise morphs into a nice blend of agapé and eros.


"Eye contact" doesn't capture what happens. Our eyes connect instantly, instinctively; deep, warm and open.


We're negotiating a network handshake with our energy bodies, establishing communication protocols as the base of a subtle language that will soon underwrite our virtual intercourse.


As we come into harmonic resonance, our minds mirror. We breathe through each other's heart, and play footsie with our sexual energy.


In real time, we feel each other, feeling each other. Either of us can stroke the other wirelessly, and the receiver replies with a validating touchless touch.


She whispers to her friend, as I do to mine. My logical friend doubts my subjective perception, and fair enough, because it's impossible. But the girl and I know our shared experience is too real to be discounted by mere impossibility.


Our interaction is too subtle for outside perception, but leaves no question of authenticity in either of us, because we're inside of it. We become co-participants in a temporarily shared identity. The doubt of others who aren't in our bubble is completely irrelevant.


I'm reminded of Carl Jung's reply to the question "Do you believe in God?" He said, "I don't need to believe; I know." Later he regretted that his answer didn't communicate that no religious or psychological model is adequate to express the mysterious nature of underlying reality.


But my point is, we know each other directly and deeply, without needing our minds' commentary, or anyone else's approval. Belief isn't up for discussion. Doubt doesn't even have a chair at the table.


It feels like we're phase-shifted from our friends' reality, and she wordlessly communicates the same feeling from deep within her eyes.


Somehow, we both share a thought-form: “They don't know, they can't understand; just ignore them for a bit, and be with me now, here in this rare and special experience.” Not in words precisely. More like a language of emotion-forms.


The experience is incredible, an incorruptible unity. The next few minutes are a delicious conversation of erotic energies. I would swear I'm inside her, but I can still see the space between our outward forms.


There's no psychological space between us, no room for regret, hesitation, or fear. No me and you; only we, in curiosity, joy, and sweet sensory interplay.


When the queue begins to move, we part with a smile, having never popped the bubble of our subtle interaction with the gross intrusion of words.




ZF2


My second ZF was similar, but not touchless. It happened in an ocean of more than 300,000 people, on October 13, 1986, the closing night of the Expo 86 World Fair - the day Vancouver grew up.


All the exit gates pour out onto the plaza by Science World. The left side of the throng, perhaps 100,000 people or more, are massing toward Skytrain and buses.


On the right edge of the crowd, maybe ten thousand try to get near the packed McDonald's. A quarter million people are packed up against each other full length, like canned sardines. There's music, fireworks, smoke and lasers. Some have weed or beer.


When I spot her just a couple of feet to my left, I tell my friend that as long as I have to be pressed up against someone, I'm going to choose who.


As the crowd rocks and sways and inches slowly forward, I adjust each shuffle slightly to the left, and move in behind her.


Like the rest of the crowd, we're strangers, forced into physical contact. I feel us both restraining our senses to maintain the usual pretext of personal space. We pretend to ignore each other's unavoidable intrusion under the pressure of the crowd.


But it quickly becomes obvious that ignorance is an insupportable façade under these conditions. Our contact is just too obvious to discount, and we both know it.


So without moving, I simply relax and let go of the artificial feeling of separation between us. Within a few seconds, I feel her energy respond in kind, as she drops the polite tension of illusory personal boundaries.


There's a sense of relief, relaxation and acceptance, an energetic admission that we both like the contact.


We both shift from resisting our sensations to radiating an interplay of welcoming energy, curiosity and tentative acceptance.


With each shuffle, there's a deepening sense that the boundary between us is dissolving. It feels like we're becoming acquaintances instead of strangers, directly experiencing each other's psyche as our energy fields begin to overlap.


I didn't sense this with anyone else in the crowd. It feels like a green light.


Our bodies are already pressed together full length from the pressure of a quarter million people around us. Her pelvis is nested into mine like two spoons.


So I test the waters with a small, subtle, tentative wiggle. The movement holds a question, offers a proposal, to indulge in a sensual tryst, hidden in plain sight.


We're both right at the edge of plausible deniability. All she needs to do is tense up a bit to reinforce her sense of bodily privacy, and I'd feel it. Or she could glance at me, and I'd get the message to back off without any overt admission to embarrass us both.


Here it comes. She glances up at my face over her shoulder. Her face is neutral. This could go either way…


and....her eyes go warm. Her bum wiggles a subtle erotic gesture of acceptance, not too obvious, still almost deniable, if not for that deep eye contact.


Releasing layers of prohibitions, inhibitions, fear and hesitation, we gradually grow bolder and more overt.


Her ass cheeks settle farther into my pelvis, as she intentionally caresses my cock with her butt crack. In response, I subtly rut along her groove.


A palpable erotic and emotional connection builds between us. In the span of a few minutes, we progress from strangers to lovers who've been dating for a month, engaged in heavy foreplay.


As we fall into harmony with each other, I feel like I'm inside her and she's squeezing me, milking me.


We stroke each other too subtly for the crowd to notice, but between us there's no pretense. Our jeans conduct our sensuality rather than isolate it. There's no bridle on our sexuality as our minds and hearts drop habitual barriers.


I can feel her heart smile. It reaches her face as a grin of pure joy, then permeates her body as a feeling of glowing radiance.


She must be as much of an empath as I am, because this energy is as palpable as the physical sensations down below.


Her boyfriend is in front of her, oblivious.


Sorry, dude, I guess her vocabulary of subtle and erotic energy is more developed than yours. You can have her back, and I bet she'll rock your world tonight. But she'll be thinking of that stranger in the crowd, so after this you're going to have to raise your game.


I realize that you the reader may ask “How is this a zipless fuck?” you may ask. “It sounds like you were just grinding on each other.”


And that's fair because it's not touchless. But the physical aspect, pleasant as it is, was only half the story. Our bodies were the conduit for the energy and alchemy of mind.


Yes, we were physically pressed up against each other with a delicious fit. But the deepest sensations come from our telepathic entanglement.




HOW TO ZF


So, I think I've figured out how to consciously cultivate the ZF experience.


Typically, most people walk around in their mind and their belly. This is because we tend to confuse our identity with our thoughts, and because we hold tension in our belly to defend against a multitude of perceived or imagined threats.


As far as I can tell, all we need to do is move our identity from the mind to the heart, and our attention from the belly to the pelvis.


The open heart allows us to cross into each other's identity. The pelvic energy is pleasurable rather than defensive.


Obviously, you need a sensitive and willing partner in the same energetic state. But if they're empathic, they may feel your energy and mirror it. Give it a try and see how it goes.


Maybe hold off on the physical touch, until you've developed your subtle energy well enough to be sure of your empathic wavelength.
Explicit consent is difficult to obtain when you are communicating non-verbally, so be 100% sure you feel her assent, and tread lightly.




The Objective Voice


A word of honesty about all this, because the temptation to overclaim here is strong, and the temptation to over-dismiss is just as strong. Let's sort what we actually know from what I believe but can't prove.


What's established: orgasm lives in the brain, not the genitals. Some women report reaching orgasm through imagery alone, with no physical stimulation at all, and they show the real autonomic signatures of orgasm when they do it - raised blood pressure, heart rate, pupil dilation, pain-threshold changes - comparable to orgasm from genital stimulation. (Whipple, Ogden & Komisaruk, Archives of Sexual Behavior, 1992). 


That's solid. But note its limit: it's self-generated. One nervous system producing its own state.


What I describe is not that. It's a loop. I send a pulse, and she reacts as though she felt it, and reflects a burst back; or she sends first and I answer. Two nervous systems taking turns, each responding to the other. 


This is more than self-generated imagery,  it is a shared sensory ecosystem; two minds and bodies overlapping through distant touch.


Much of the loop has a plausible mechanism, and I don't reach for anything exotic to explain it. Human beings unconsciously read and entrain to each other constantly -- micro-expressions, the catch in a breath, a shift in posture, the dilation of a pupil. Mirror neurons, limbic resonance, the documented co-regulation of heart rate and breath between close partners.


We're built to feel each other across a gap, through channels we never consciously notice. A great deal of "she felt what I sent" lives comfortably here, and that's not woo-woo. It's the ordinary, astonishing sensitivity of two mammals in attunement.


And then there's the part I can't prove or disprove. It simply sits past the edge of what the research currently reaches.


So I offer it as lived experience, held as an open question, not collapsed into studies which don't cover it, and not waved away as impossible, which would be its own dishonesty.


Something passes between us beyond those known channels, a genuine communication at a distance, not fully accounted for by the micro-signals we can name.


Take my two narratives as exactly that: vignettes, true to how they felt, offered without objective authority, but with the direct authority of firsthand experience.




Analogous Experiences


When I'm heart-centered, I've had numerous other touchless encounters which don't reach the level of a zipless fuck, but they're pretty interesting. I think it's worth sharing a couple, and I hope you can practice this kind of relating too.




Arc of Covenant 


There's a girl in town who used to work at the bubble tea store and regularly flirted with me. She moved on to work somewhere else and I didn't see her for a couple of years.


Then one day I'm walking into the supermarket, and she's walking out with two friends. She's obviously the alpha, with her wing-girls on each side. As we come within about six feet our eyes meet.


Immediately a huge lightning bolt of energy shoots out of her chest and arcs over into mine; instantly mirroring back to her. It's very somatic, very dramatic; like a volleyball of light or a discharge in Tesla's laboratory.


We both startle at the surprise and intensity of it, as one might upon seeing a mythical beast.


She is quickly overcome by a huge smile that seems to be not of her volition, as if it asserts itself from some place deep within the arc.


The discharge was momentary, but it feels as though it left a bridge between us.


She appears surprised at her own instinctive reaction of joy, as her face lights up in unbidden testimony,


Her two friends have eyes like saucers, whispering to each other, "What the hell was that?"


Maybe they are merely surprised by their friend's high-beam grin for this guy they've never seen, but I don't think that's it. I'm quite certain they felt the shock of our dramatic energy exchange and do not know how to process the experience.


I don't look back as I pass them, but out of the corner of my eye, I see them all turn to keep me in their vision.


The only way I know to explain this experience is that both of our heart chakras suddenly opened a covenant at the sight of each other.




FEEL THE ENERGY


A couple of weeks ago I had a new experience. I walked past a young cashier who always grins radiantly at me. Her enthusiastic attraction to me is written on her face in capitals.


But this time I was in the next aisle behind her, so she was facing away. As I passed, she turned around as if she felt my presence, and lit up at the sight of me. She was busy, so I threw her a quick "Hey" and kept walking.


But something felt different. As I was walking away, it felt like I'd moved out of the shade, and the sun now shone on my back. I assume she pointed her attention at me, and it felt like a heat gun.


I understand you might think I simply flushed because of her attractive smile, but I swear it wasn't sourced within me. I'm not sure if it was her heart or her third eye, but it literally felt like a heat lamp on my back. I'd never felt that before, and I look forward to seeing her again.


A few days later, I saw her from the back again, and smiled as I passed into her view. But my smile fell when I saw her face: it turned out to be a different girl, with very similar hair and overall body type.


I probably would have smiled and maybe flirted with her too, but her energy was nothing like the other's. This girl looked bored and generally disappointed with life.


I was struck by the contrast between the two; such similar looks, such a different energetic feel. It fostered my Question of the Week.


Often, I come up with a weekly mind-bender which I share with friends and acquaintances around town. This time:


“It must be terrible to be an unattractive empath, whether physically or emotionally.”


We tend to look longer at people who are beautiful, interesting, or part of our in-group. Our eyes instinctively. flick away from people who don't meet those criteria; especially if they are about to make eye contact with us.


So a physically or emotionally unattractive person would get nothing but left-swipes all day long. If they are a Highly Sensitive Person, each one must land like a slap in the face; an indictment of their personhood.


I dare you to spend a day watching your own reactions as you encounter beautiful and not so beautiful people. Force your eyes to not turn away, and realize the humanity and vulnerability of each heart, regardless of their appearance.






I've had lots of other unusual energy exchanges. My point is that if you do some form of inner work, you can connect on deeper, subtler levels.


I've noticed that since I started writing about empaths, I sense them more quickly and deeply than before.


Writing about a topic seems to sensitize me to it, and some kind of feedback loop forms. I notice the same effect when I write about love or sex, or psychology.


If we're lucky, we realize that all forms are relationalities, derived from one of the love types or the lack of love. Even this; maybe especially this:


---


Chapter 2 — Blush Edging


No one can be, we can only inter-be.
Thich Nhat Hanh




Often when I meet an empath we perform a dance with almost familiar choreography. As if we're remembering it from lifetimes passed.


Generally, I find that women open up to me quite quickly, because I carry the presumption that we already know each other, that we each want both to thrive, and that we'll enjoy each other's energy.


I sense their attraction building quickly, often into a very deep connection.


Watching her eyes, I can sometimes catch the moment that she is surprised by her own arousal.


This game requires us to both be present and paying close attention to subtleties, because in this realm, everything is presented in micro-expressions and flickers of emotional energy.


It's very erotic to watch, as she seems shocked by her own openness. It's as if her subconscious whispers "go for it," and the body reacts with arousal before she is able to mentally process it.


When this happens, her eyes glow, and we both come alive in a shared space between us.


Now comes the really fun part. She suddenly realizes she's turned on, and may even startle a little at how quickly it happened.


A puzzled look washes briefly across her face, as she tries to understand why this strange stranger is able to affect her so deeply and so instinctively.


I just walked right through her minefield of shit-tests as if they didn't exist. With a glance, I short-circuit her security system and her draw-bridge lowers to invite me over her moat.


And now inside of her inner keep, I stroke the back of her neck. It reawakens her power to project through her protective armour and be seen deeply.


We walk out into a sunny day, outside her castle; birds are singing in blossoming cherry trees.


Next comes the icing on the cake, as she realizes: oh my God, he knows that I'm attracted to him, but I can't look away because it feels so good.


Somewhere around this point, we're so close to the frequency of love that it's glorious and terrifying, all at once.


It can go three directions from here.


If she's shy, introverted, or conservative, she might retreat back into the shell of her habitual identity, and I won't push the issue.


If she's more open (and this is so delicious), I watch her think: “Oh my God, I'm turned on, and he knows it. In fact, he knows that I know that he knows. It feels like my heart, mind and body are naked and transparent to him, and to everyone.”


I feel all of this as if it's happening to me too, because our fields are open and overlapping. We're inside each other's head and heart. It's like we've created a shared identity; covalent instead of ionic. I am her, over here, and she is me, over there.


Frequently this is the farthest she can go. But the occasional strong empath thrives at this level of openness. In fact, sometimes they'll double down on the energy, adding to the openness and reveling in the resulting oneness.


More often, this intimate level of knowing is just too much for her to abide, and she retreats back toward her Default Mode Network.


Now, by moderating my own openness, I let her fool herself into thinking there's somewhere to return to; somewhere to hide. 


I've intentionally modulated my vibe; closed down my aperture - she hasn't. She's still stuck outside her previous identity.


This is the really interesting part. As she retreats toward her mental sanctuary, she sees that it has become transparent. Her egoic house is burning with the fire of openness, and there's nowhere to hide.




Her Default Mode Network overloads and glitches now that she is seeing it from the outside. Caught in the unfamiliar territory of extreme openness, she suffers a brief sense of loss, and a feeling of being lost.


But now that she has ventured outside of her shell, outside of her cell, there is a beautiful, growing inability to believe her own narrative identity. She gradually acclimates to the freedom from the ego's tyranny and this is almost guaranteed to make her blush. 


This is where blush edging comes in.


There are shades of red associated with guilt, embarrassment and anger; and a lovely magenta-bias red that flushes during extreme orgasm. But there's a particularly subtle wild-rose dusty pink that comes with novel curiosity and erotic arousal that is trying to hide in plain sight, outside of the ego-cage. That's the tint I'm going for.


[C: some of this about blush edging, should also be in “slow the fuck down”. M]


I pull back on my openness, settling back into locality. It feels safer to her, less risk of self-dissolution in the other. Her blush fades, because I'm no longer looking right through her. But it's not far under the surface, and with one deep look I can draw the pink back up into her cheeks.


I open up more, or close down a bit, in response to her blush level. The most interesting moments are when she pushes her own boundaries, voluntarily staying open longer than she otherwise would, because it feels amazing, expansive and erotic.


She can gradually become acclimated to openness, and raise the level at which her blush kicks in.


No matter your psychological type, or theirs, everyone is at a certain level of openness in each moment. Don't try to push it too hard; just like polygasm, we need to acclimate to these states over time. I believe there's a profound truth down that rabbit hole.




Often they snap shut at this point, because it's so close to love that it scares them. Not always. As I said, there are rare souls adapted to these high seas.


I've just started to play with the blush moment, and it's quite ephemeral. Finding the correct dosing level of openness is not always immediately obvious.
I suppose the goal is to keep her right on the edge of admitting her desire. 


I show them that I feel their heart, then invite them to remain open, just to the degree they can stand. Very similar to orgasmic edging.


What I'm doing underneath the play, is training her nervous system to associate openness with safety, to learn that being fully seen doesn't lead to being consumed or abandoned. Over time, the threshold rises. She becomes capable of sustained transparency that would have been impossible before.


This is, one of the most intimate things I know how to do with another person. Maybe not as deep as polygasm, but as intimate, sometimes more so because it happens in ordinary clothes, sometimes in a coffee shop, sometimes walking through a parking lot.


The orgasmic work develops the same capacity. It's all the same practice.
So projecting heart-energy like a lighthouse doesn't have to be sexual, but it's nice when it is.


Often when I'm in that mode, it rubs off without even trying. I pass an older person of either sex whose face is encrusted by the ravages of time and pain. They've worn that face for so long that it becomes a mask; a suit of armor against a world of suffering.


When I make eye contact, their defensive squint suddenly relaxes and they project “Wait, you're looking at me! You're supposed to look at my mask. How did you even know I am in here?”


Eye-gazing is a form of divination.
The divine in us inter-views itself as local selves, through local selves.


Every atom, every galaxy, every earth worm, is God interviewing himself, to put it in a deistic language.


How does that poem go by Chesterton?
About autumn leaves and the wisdom that comes with age.


Lo! I am come to autumn,
When all the leaves are gold;
Grey hairs and golden leaves cry out
The year and I are old.


*weeping*


But now a great thing in the street
Seems any human nod,
Where shift in strange democracy
The million masks of God.