100 ORGASMS AN HOUR

exploring female ecstasy

Michael Sawyer

---

FAQ

Q: So, this is a work of fiction?

A: No, it's absolutely true. It's an instruction manual.

Originally, the "Techniques" section was a bit dry, and so I re-wrote it as erotica.

Q: For real, bro?

A: For real, bro.

Q: This is impossible; I don't want to be touched for an hour after an orgasm.

A: There is a natural inhibition of arousal called the refractory period; but it is not written in stone.

Q: Sounds like too much.

A: It can be. Go easy at first until she acclimates.

Q: Is this actually pleasurable?

A: Ridiculously pleasurable; and it is also physically, mentally, and emotionally challenging.

Q: Why would you even want to do this?

A: Extreme physical pleasure; and perhaps profound emotional and psychological benefits.

Q: Does a guy have to be Captain of the football team, porn star, bodybuilder, billionaire to trigger these?

A: Nope. I'm kinda scrawny, awkward and old.

Q: Won't you have to do this with multiple women to know if it is true?

A: Doesn't all have to be me. Hope you'll come too.

Q: How do you know this will work for everyone?

A: I don't. In fact, I have no doubt that there are some women who won't be able to experience multigasm; however, I assume that most will. Hopefully you will try it and give me some feedback.

Q: What is the upper end of possibility, here?

A: I'm asking the universe for a top-shelf empath, whose resting face is luminous. They are rare, because most people lose much of their glow with the transition from teenager to adult. But for one who maintains radiance into adulthood, it wouldn't take much to move her to incandescence. I think that she might fully convert from noun to verb.

Q: Why don't you keep this advantage for yourself?

A: The world needs a little more love and pleasure. If I can spark a sexual revolution, it will be fucking rad.

---

Expect From This Book

Laughter; I've grown to expect laughter. When I show people the cover of this book, around 2/3 are amazed and amused, about 25 percent think this must be fiction, and another tenth are morally offended.

If like me, you noticed that these figures add up to 101.666% - then buddy, you really need to loosen up. A couple hours of hot sex ought to do the trick.

A whole new dimension of satisfaction.

You're about to discover something revolutionary about sexual pleasure and intimacy. Extreme female ecstasy can be reached through high rates of multiple orgasms, and this can transform your relationship, bringing a whole new dimension of satisfaction to you and your partner.

Hi, my name is Michael, and I have a dream. My goal is to transform society's expectations of female pleasure, and I'm going to ask for your help to make it come true.

Even everyday sanity is too big of a project for any one person; so we're going to need the village to step up if we hope to create a cultural shift on this scale.

We still labour under the wet blanket of Victorian morality, and it's time we revisited those presumptions around women's pleasure response.

This is a journey of a thousand miles, and I invite you to be among the early adopters who take the first steps alongside me. I hope you'll join me in helping humanity progress in this way.

Perhaps multigasm will become common in the future if we don't nuke ourselves first. I hope that it will be broadly adopted in a couple of generations.

---

If you promise not to tell anyone - I am incubating an evil plan for world domination.....

*sigh* Ok look, it isn't actually evil, and it's not even about domination. It's more about using mutual pleasure to save modernity from falling birthrates. But "evil plan" has a certain cachet about it.

And why can't a guy have a little evil plan, without people going "Oooh look at him, he's evil."

*sigh*

*sniff*.... just, just give me a minute, ok? ....*phew* No, I'll be fine. please don't.... Look, I guess I'm not quite ready to talk about this, ok?

It's just that I've worked so h-hard on it and I think it's clever, like rreally cl-clever, and it leverages two evolution... *sniff* two evolutionary gateways - women's selection of men's qualities, and artificial intelligence. *phew*

But I guess that's for another book; so for now, suffice it to say that I've got a plan for the long game.

---

If this book offends you, work through it.

I was raised in a conservative moral and religious environment, so it took me a while to become sex-positive. If anything about this book offends you, I encourage you to work through your programming - don't throw out the baby with the bath water.

I touch on a few subjects that some may find challenging, such as the trend of some couples becoming monogamish, but you can certainly practice multigasm within the confines of traditional marriage.

---

Can I promise that multigasm will work for you? Obviously not; but I imagine it should work for most women.

Like anything, if you believe it is possible, or you don't believe it is possible, the universe will probably prove you right.

It took forever before anyone ran a four-minute mile; but then after Roger Bannister first did it in 1954, it entered the cultural zeitgeist and became the standard for good runners. I hope that this book can make multigasm mainstream.

Back-to-back rolling orgasms.

This book will guide you through techniques, principles, and practices which enable women to experience an unfolding of nearly continuous, rolling orgasms that can reach frequencies of 100 per hour, or even more.

Look, when I state something which seems crazy and impossible like that, please understand that I couldn't make this shit up if I tried. If I share a fact or technique here, I'm sure of it because we have practiced it.

Now if I'm trying to understand an underlying psychological principle, I may say something like "it seems to me."

God-nature gives us fingers for a reason.

As a bare minimum, these techniques do require a vagina, a functioning nervous system, and a finger. But it really helps if you have a little sensitivity and patience. (btw, to protect the privacy of the "innocent," I will just refer to she, her, we, etc.)

One thing we found out a bit late, is that you should walk before you run. Don't jump right into long sessions or high rates; instead, slowly work up through serial orgasms toward polygasm over the period of a month or two. She needs to gradually acclimate to the environment of multigasm. (Don't worry, we'll cover terminology soon enough.)

---

I talked with my addictions councilor, and he warned that any action taken to excess can be addictive. Multigasm is the cocaine of sex, so after every remarkable fact, I'll caution you to start slowly.

Protect her psyche and your relationship.

If you get tired of my warnings, remember that they are here to protect her psyche and your relationship. So please be patient, or else go fuck up a rope.

Look, I don't mean to be a dick; I just want to ensure that you don't mess up your sex life like we did. There was no one to mentor us, so we went at it too hard and fast. This is powerful stuff, and it blew up her mind and killed her arousal for a while.

I assume that you are a big boy or girl, so if you get tired of my warnings, feel free to figure out your own techniques, make your own painful mistakes along the way, draw your own conclusions, and set your own safety protocols.

While you're at it, come up with your own new vocabulary to describe multiple orgasms, and write your own book. I'll be happy to read it.

If you're still here, I assume that you are prepared to take this challenge seriously. Whether you are looking to enhance an already fulfilling sex life, or hoping to overcome common barriers to mutual satisfaction; I got your back, bro.

Oh, and while this book is mainly about women's pleasure, it is the person doing the triggering who needs to learn the techniques, so I will assume that I am speaking to him/her.

I'll share not just the how-to, but also the important safety considerations, real-world experiences, and residual benefits that will help you apply these techniques safely and enjoyably.

This isn't abstract theory - it's a practical guide based on direct experience, written for real couples who want to explore an extraordinary capacity for pleasure that many women have never experienced.

In "Section One: Anticipation" I lay the groundwork of terminology and expectations. We will discuss pre-game preparations. I will caution you ad nauseam, against hitting it too hard before she has become acclimated to beginner rates.

"Section Two: Techniques" contains the pith of the matter. I describe the specific techniques which seem to be the most productive of multigasm, and more importantly the best attitude to approach each area. This section was a bit dry, so I re-wrote it as erotica.

"Section Three: After Effects" is my interpretation of the physical and psychological ramifications of multigasm. I'm no psychologist or psychiatrist, but I was under their care for a while. Does that count?

Now, let's dive into the journey that led to this discovery.

===============================================================
SECTION ONE: ANTICIPATION
===============================================================

Hunger is the best spice.

"Well I don't know, but I've been told; you never slow down, you never grow old." — Tom Petty

Last year at age 61, I accidentally discovered how to trigger her into extended chains of orgasms, and I thought you might like to try it too.

To be clear, you'll have to bring your own partner.

Now it's not like we're discovering something entirely new here. India developed Tantric sex and the Kama Sutra, way, way back. But this approach is new to us, and I bet it's probably new to you as well.

I've only had very few other people tell me that they've experienced something remotely similar to this. One fellow related that he brought his girlfriend to 40 orgasms in one session, over an unspecified period. That takes skill; however, I encourage you to continue honing your practice, as the really interesting stuff only seems to start around 60 orgasms per hour, and requires multiple hours and sessions to develop.

100 OpH can be enjoyable and sustainable.

We found that with a little practice, it is quite possible for women to experience 50 to 100 orgasms per hour for multiple hours; or even higher rates for shorter periods. I know that this sounds extraordinary; but 100 OpH really can be an enjoyable, sustainable pace.

However, I'm not even going to tell you how long this rate can be maintained because you shouldn't be trying 100 OpH or multi-hour sessions yet.

Suffice it to say that we've maintained this rhythm long enough to trigger a union-mandated meal break, but that was reckless and too extreme. I'll talk about it in my next book when you've had a chance to acclimate to polygasm.

Origins

So how did I discover extreme multigasm, you may ask. Honestly, I don't fully understand how it happened, but it was unusual and interesting. I'll tell you what I know, with the hope that it will help you on your journey.

No doubt my psychological type is a contributing factor. I'm high in agreeableness, extroversion, and openness to new ideas and experiences. A person can cultivate these properties to a certain degree.

I've practiced various spiritual paths for most of my life, which has given me a certain amount of sensitivity. Meditation, Polarity Therapy, Tai Chi, and comparative philosophy have probably all helped along the way.

Fifteen years ago, I was nearly taken out by a serious brain trauma from an automobile accident. Confronting my mortality and walking the path of recovery has stirred empathic qualities in me, which can sometimes deepen emotional connections to profound levels.

Then in 2023, I was contemplating the different types of love - maternal, paternal, fraternal, amore, eros, agape, ex-stasis, en-thios, anahata, satchitananda, etcetera.

When I got to eros, suddenly I found myself with this new superpower that almost no one has even heard of - the ability to lead a woman through back-to-back orgasms for hours, with no apparent limit except extreme exhaustion.

Since then, I've been trying to figure out what the hell happened. More importantly; how can I teach this skill, so that people can replicate it themselves? So, I analyzed the process to the best of my ability and wrote this book.

Actually, books aren't written; they're rewritten. I've reiterated it many, many times, and it surprised me how often I thought it was done; only to find all kinds of barely readable material, upon review.

I've been a recreational writer for much of my adult life but never authored anything. Now finally, I'm pushing myself into publishing, because this topic is just too juicy to keep it all for myself.

Now that I'm addicted to authoring, watch for more books to bubble up. But this being my first book and all, I ask that you forgive my immature writing abilities. Hopefully I'll improve.

If you feel the need to criticize, please try not to be too harsh. I get enough pushback as it is, because of the subject matter.

However, creative criticism and suggestions are always welcome. I'm not promising that I'll agree, but I always appreciate the effort of telling me where I can improve.

The flipside is that I always appreciate genuine compliments, because most people start with the belief that I'm joking, or that sex is dirty. If this book improves your relationship, I'd love to hear about it.

Residuals

"Actions can have far-reaching effects; consider a single pebble dropped in calm water." — Dalai Lama

After a multigasm session, something fascinating can happen. She may experience residual orgasms.

These involuntary, spontaneous, no-touch orgasms may come as an echo of the main multigasm thunderstorm. They indicate how deeply the sensory, cognitive, and motor systems have become attuned to, and entrained by, the multigasmic rhythm.

You know how an overly tired child might have a total meltdown? Then afterward they are seized by involuntary gasping, and body-wracking sobs. Residual orgasms remind me quite a bit of those sobs.

They come out of the lizard brain; sneaking up unexpectedly. After a big session, she may experience residual orgasms for several hours, even as long as two days.

The multigasmic rhythm is so all-encompassing that her psyche becomes totally involved within it. Residuals mark the tail-end of that involution.

As she begins to reclaim her sense of self, the rhythm isn't quite ready to give up control. Residuals are multigasm's way of saying "come back soon."

Typically, residuals seem to come at a rate of 10 or 15 per hour, although 20 is not unusual, and sometimes there may be as many as one per minute for short periods.

I find this highly remarkable because an orgasm per minute is getting into the low end of what I call polygasm. Free-to-play, no-touch polygasm? Who would have thought it?

Residuals can come for up to 48 hours.

Residuals can appear day and night for up to 48 hours. Sounds like fun; but think about it. It can be exhausting, inconvenient, disruptive, and kind of scary. Don't get me wrong; she will probably be thrilled at first, but it can easily turn to "Oh no, not again."

Residual orgasms represent a temporary suppression of the executive function by the sex drive; which, while erotic and fascinating, requires caution and care.

Speaking of driving, I'm told that the vibrations around 110 KPH (around 70 mph) can evoke residuals quite reliably.

Residuals are the reason that I recommend no more than two sessions of multigasm per week, to start. It's one thing for her to lose control of her body, mind, and senses for a few hours during the main play session. It's another thing entirely when an echo of that play grabs her at random times, over a period of days. She may feel that an irresistible force is overwhelming her willpower.

So please heed my warning when you decide to join Team Multigasm. There may be unforeseen consequences from hitting it too hard, straight out of the gate. Wade in a little slower than we did.

Multigasm is not to be approached frivolously.

Practicing multigasm can bring wildly positive results in several domains, but it is not to be approached frivolously. Let's say that you are going for your gun license or driver's license. There's a learning curve. You don't go straight to advanced maneuvers before learning the basics.

Please use similar, appropriate restraint in your approach to learning multigasm.

Can I Do This?

"If not you, then who? If not now, then when?" — Hillel, the Elder

Look, I certainly wouldn't blame you for thinking I'm exaggerating. I've had friends disbelieve that I wrote this, and others disbelieve that extreme multigasm is even possible.

Until recently, if someone had claimed to have hundreds of orgasms, I suppose that I would have laughed too. But direct experience changed my perspective entirely.

However, before you put down this book — what if I'm not full of it? This could be a cultural shift, achieved peacefully, by reconsidering our cultural subscription to Victorian morality.

To be clear, I'm not suggesting that every day should be a celebration without limits. I'm just thinking that if women were even a little bit happier, there would be a serious knock-on effect for men. I bet we men would be happier if women were a bit happier.

As far as I can tell I'm quite sexually average. In fact, I'm a skinny wretch, and a bit socially and physically awkward. My vision and hearing aren't great. The remnants of Traumatic Brain Injury have left me with poor social calibration, and highly variable cognitive abilities.

Plus, I've got a genetic heart condition that has started to catch up with me over the last couple of years, so I can't push myself for more than a few minutes at a time anymore. My point here is that if I can trigger a woman into extended multigasm, I bet you can too.

After all that self-deprecation: physically, I'm about average, maybe a bit above. But the point is that when it comes to practicing multigasm, size really doesn't matter. My multigasm method is mostly about the subtle use of your fingers.

I have been told by multiple women that I have kind, dreamy eyes; and this might have more bearing than anything else. Emotional connection, sensitivity, passion and transparency are the main keys here. Luckily, these are qualities which can be intentionally developed.

In the end, direct experience is the best confirmation, so I hope you'll come along for the ride and prove multigasm to your own satisfaction.

The Cost of Inaction

"There are risks and costs to action; but they are far less than the long-term risks of comfortable inaction." — John F Kennedy

We talked a little about the risks of jumping in too quickly, and I will still expand more on those concerns later in the book. But now the flipside: what do you risk by not learning multigasm?

I told a couple of friends about my new discovery, and they said, "she's probably faking." I asked her directly whether she ever fakes it.

She said there's no way that she could ever fake multigasm, but admitted she used to fake single orgasms nearly every time we had sex. It turns out that she actually came quite infrequently before I discovered these techniques.

This was one of those moments when the universe pulls the rug out from under you. Some significant part of my life turned out to be built on a misunderstanding.

I can see how this could seriously affect someone's confidence; though strangely it seems almost irrelevant to me. Perhaps this is partly because my mind was seriously affected a few years ago by a traumatic brain injury, so I know the path well, to reformulation of the self after difficulty.

Women often may exaggerate their pleasure response, to encourage their partner. This isn't malicious — it usually comes from a place of care and consideration, allowing their partner to save face when she isn't fully satisfied. Far from being unusual, this is a common experience in many relationships.

So look — there is a non-zero chance that your partner might be faking too. It happens more than most guys assume.

Now, I can see how all this could be discouraging to a fella if they haven't done much inner work. But you've come to the right place to get ahead of that. Here are some honest questions worth asking yourself, if you're ready:

Do you last at least an hour? Does she come more than once per session? Does her whole body tense up? Does her face flush? Does she hold her breath and then gasp for air? Can you smell the pheromones in the air? Does she snuggle you with genuine affection? Afterward, does she look years younger?

If you answered "no" to a few of these — I'm not trying to diss you. Welcome to the human condition, with all its foibles.

You need to instill in her a sense of profound physical connection. Women are constantly bombarded by attention. So, perfection alone is not enough. You need to ensure that your relationship is exciting, surprising, and alive.

The nice thing is that you don't have to reinvent the wheel. Be coachable. Presidents and athletes have coaches, so I hope that you will allow me to coach you into a genuinely good sex life.

Remember when your love was fresh. Remember how you both constantly grinned like teenagers, head over heels. Expect that when you practice multigasm. Expect her to initiate sex; expect her to radiate.

By investing the time to learn these techniques, you're not just enhancing her physical pleasure — you're strengthening the foundation of your relationship; creating experiences that reinforce your connection in unique and powerful ways.

When she feels safe and connected, it is much easier for her to fully let go. Turn her on like this and you won't need to worry about the relationship or about your pleasure — she will be self-driven to reciprocate.

These methods do not require lengthy study; but as with anything, practice makes better.

Definitions

"We should all start to live before we get too old." — Marilyn Monroe

This book is meant to be a practical guide rather than a scientific treatise, but it's important that we share a common vocabulary.

To start with, let's define an orgasm. I suppose even one involuntary contraction could be thought of as a mini orgasm of sorts, but I consider an orgasm to include a bare minimum of three contractions; and preferably five or more.

This definition helps ensure that we're discussing genuine orgasmic experiences rather than long-term heightened arousal. But don't get too hung up on this definition because once you're up into the high end of polygasm around two orgasms a minute, the back-to-back orgasms can start to blend into one another.

"Multiple orgasms" technically refers to any experience beyond a single orgasm per session. However in my opinion, there are distinct levels that deserve their own terminology.

Multigasm

I use "multigasm" to mean any extended session of multiple orgasms. Let's say at least one every five-ish minutes for half an hour; or every ten minutes for an hour. So multigasm is still a fairly generic term.

For women, I consider orgasms that are more than two minutes apart to be completely unrelated events, so they just fall under the generic heading of multiple orgasms, or if you keep it up for a while, multigasm.

Once you start triggering her at least every two minutes, up to once a minute (30-60 OpH), there is at least some relationship between orgasms. They are still fully separate events with their own excitation, plateau, release and resolution phases. In my book, this merits the term...

Serial Orgasms

Serial orgasms are a minute or two apart. Above that, we edge into the territory of a completely different phenomenon.

Polygasm

You've probably never heard of polygasm because to the best of my knowledge I made up the word. When I coined the term polygasm (many orgasms), I didn't realize how many people would confuse it with polygamy or polyamory. Not the same thing.

You can practice polygasm within a polyamorous relationship, just as you can within a monogamous one; but by itself, practicing polygasm says nothing about how your relationship is structured.

I decree that polygasm refers to a rate of 60-120 orgasms per hour.

I know, crazy, right? So here's the caution: don't try this at home right away. You should have several two-hour sessions of serial-orgasm practice before you exceed 60 OpH.

The refractory period.

Why 60 and 120 OpH? The point isn't about counting round numbers, it's about particular effects which seem to be approximately correlated with certain rates.

During any rate less than about an orgasm per minute, there is what's called a "refractory period" between orgasms. This is the hormonal inhibition of sexual excitation between orgasms — a forced break for recovery, sometimes described as a "don't touch me" period.

It seems to me that the length of this inhibitory period begins to shrink as she ramps up her OpH count past about 60. By around 120 OpH, the refractory interlude is pretty much gone. Therefore, I use this bandwidth to define polygasm.

Everyone is different, so maybe these numbers aren't precisely the same as yours, but they are close enough for now. I'm not a scientist — if you want technical detail, look into the research yourself.

Near as I can tell, polygasm is not a common phenomenon. Not because of any biological limitation; it's just that most people don't know it's possible and perhaps lack the experience and sensitivity to pull it off.

Once you get up into poly territory, you may find that you hit a nice groove around 100 orgasms per hour. This seems to be a sweet spot for extended sessions.

100 OpH is a nice utility rate.

But again, safety first. Please don't go jumping in the deep end until you first learn to swim at the shallow end.

The rate of 100 OpH is very intense, and certainly quite attainable with practice. But you should have a month of low poly (around 60 OpH) under your belt, before reaching for the high end of polygasm.

Here's a quick review of my terminology:

Multigasm is the whole spectrum of multiple orgasms, as long as you keep it up for a while.

30 to 60 OpH — Serial orgasms
60 to 120 — Polygasm (poly = many)
120 to 180 — Supragasm (supra = above)
180 and beyond — Hypergasm (hyper = excess)

Sorry, that upper territory is way too crazy for beginners. Just practice your 30s, your 60s, and your 100s as you adapt and progress. The really intense stuff will have to wait for the next book. If 100 OpH isn't enough to satisfy her, you might want to back off a bit and get some sex-addiction counseling.

Orgasm by the Week

Look before you leap. Practice before you poly.

This chapter is about pushing the boundaries. It describes a week in which there was altogether too much sex, but it gives an impression of how deep this can go.

I've held back the exact details of this chapter for a long time — long enough that a whole second book got written and finished before I finally revealed them. If you want the full breakdown, Slow the Fuck Down has it now, in Chapter 20.

The short version: conservatively, somewhere around 2,000 orgasms in her most intensive week of exploration. Realistically, I think it was closer to 2,500, maybe pushing 3,000.

Don't even think about trying this in your first month of polygasm practice. Even later, keep an eye on her mental state if you get up anywhere near this range.

I had no idea what I was doing, as there was no one to mentor us. That's one reason I wrote this book. That week just about overwhelmed her for a while, so be careful — this is exciting and can be addictive.

My point is that either of these numbers still represent a profound shift from conventional sexual experiences, where one or maybe several orgasms are usually considered the norm.

Maybe not the weekly stuff — that was just too much. It turned her off from sex for a while, for reasons I'll explain later. Take your time wading in. Too much, too soon, can ruin the whole project.

Listen to her feedback and set limits as you go. Keep in mind that she might not know what's good for her when she's under the influence of extreme polygasm.

Zen mind, beginner's mind

Maybe a reasonable starting place for the first month or two would look something like this: no higher than 60 OPH, no longer than two hours, no more than two sessions a week.

As you both become more comfortable and familiar with her responses, you can adjust these parameters according to your personal experience. The key is patience and attentiveness.

Sometimes she might want to be pushed, sometimes it's too much. Sometimes she might say that she wants more, but she might just be caught up in the pattern.

Personally, I think that the psychological aftereffects can be at least as significant as the sensory experience, but you need to pay attention to her condition for several days after a session. If you do this right, gradually and judiciously, she can shed some negative patterns.

Just don't try to unwind her too quickly, because even our unhelpful patterns are part of our practiced identity. It's great to grow, but if she takes on too much change at one time, it's hard to process. More about this in the Aftereffects section.

Be Present

"Wherever you are, be there with complete attention; with complete love." — Eckhart Tolle

Over time, we discover various methods of sexual stimulation with our partner. Naturally we find that some types of touch, some types of play, are highly pleasurable and others not so much.

Life is busy and complex; often hard and frustrating; sometimes even overwhelming. We get wrapped up in duties and responsibilities. Gradually, sex and sensuality can get pushed into a smaller and smaller space. We don't have time to experiment, so we stick to our favorites, and slowly our sex becomes formulaic.

Maybe polygasm will open new territory for you. There are enough types of female orgasm to keep you both engaged for quite a while, and poly accentuates the contrast between them.

The core of this book can be summed up in one subtle principle: encouraging your partner to polygasm requires real presence and sensitivity. It's not so much about touching a certain area; it is more about a certain relational stance, or sensory attitude.

Don't make her orgasm; encourage her arousal.

I'm not here to give my partner an orgasm. My role is to cultivate a sense of mutual arousal in both of us. I want her to feel encouraged, passionate, and sensitive. I want her to be near the surface — her life force, her attention, pulsing and radiating through her skin.

I also want to feel her presence inside of that orgasm. So this is partially about technique, but more about subtle energy exchange. Sure, it matters where you touch, but how your attention meshes with hers is more important.

Pre-Game

"The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago; the second-best time is now." — Chinese proverb

Pro tips: hopefully somewhere along the line you've learned how to do a proper massage. Maybe you took an introduction to mindfulness or meditation, or intentional breathing. These are all grist for the mill, to build your fine motor skills and sensitivity.

I had started writing a book about the different types of love. When my contemplations got to eros, something clicked and I found myself able to reach this new capacity.

Btw, before you ramp up your speed too much, you'll want to build wrist and finger strength — a physiotherapy gyroscope tool works well for this.

Because she will radiate.

So, what's the point in all this polygasm? Why push toward such intensity? We'll cover this topic more in the aftereffects section, but briefly the answer is: because she will radiate.

The effects of well-played polygasm show up on her face and in her eyes. When she looks in the mirror, it will be her younger self looking back.

Just be careful not to allow either of you to get too caught up in chasing this state — like anything intense, it needs to be approached sustainably.

The other thing is that burning so hot will expose her inner vulnerabilities, and we must deal with those if we are to continue burning cleanly. Polygasm demands our willingness to maintain an open mindset; to embrace a spirit of vulnerability, and to surrender to sensation.

Obviously, these conditions apply more to the one experiencing the orgasms, but the person doing the encouraging would do well to practice them as well. Sensitivity and openness are keys to poly skill.

Consent vs Assent

"Let's get this party started." — Pink

Ongoing consent is obviously pivotal to sexual collaboration; even in a long-term relationship. But consent is not limited to just a legalistic sense of fair play. Rather, open invitation and enthusiastic acceptance are the keys to rapid, repeated, streams of orgasm.

Especially in a new relationship, don't come in too hot. What you feel to be enthusiasm, they might feel as invasion or imposition.

Where there is trust, it is generally better to act out proposition and assent, rather than only verbalizing request and consent. Her emotional presence and enthusiasm are the best indicators. It's all about subtle attunement and sensitive invitation, rather than overt proposition.

A touch of kink.

The consent dynamic can become even deeper if a couple explores beyond vanilla territory — some playful resistance followed by surrender. Many women enjoy a little consensual dominance in play. Not all women, and that's fine too.

If your relationship supports that kind of play, it needs to be approached carefully and with ongoing full participation on her part. The negotiation of surrender and give-and-take is like the ebb and flow of a dance. She will thank you with her response, and later with her words, emotions, and actions.

Perhaps the most profound versions of consent occur in bondage, discipline, and power-exchange scenes, but that's outside of the scope of this book. Obviously, a safe word is necessary in those realms; but even with vanilla polygasm, you better have one for when she is overwhelmed.

Once she is exhausted by the first round of orgasms, she may say that she can't take it anymore. To complicate matters, this will probably be due to the unfamiliarity of overwhelming stimulation, rather than an actual limit, but it is genuinely tricky territory.

At that point she will likely be disoriented and slow to respond. The responsibility for her wellbeing now falls to you. Assume she is dehydrated — don't just ask if she wants a drink, make sure she actually sits up and drinks.

Don't assume she is able to use the safe word.

When she is disoriented by extreme chains of polygasm, she may be too impaired to know whether she can continue. She may not even be able to gather the cognitive ability to know her name or to use the safe word. Don't just assume that she'll use the safe word when she's overwhelmed. Ask if she needs to use it. Explicitly ask if she wants to stop or continue.

This is a tricky place. You love feeling her respond, and your newfound skill makes you feel good about your abilities. Of course you want to continue, but at this point she might not have full self-awareness. She might not be in a condition to recognize that she's approaching a real limit. She might say yes, just to please you.

At this point you are responsible for her safety.

So, you need to have the self-control to stop if you've already exceeded previous milestones. Watch how she feels over the next couple of days, then you can see about raising the ante again.

But I'm getting ahead of myself. That's enough about consent and ground rules, now let's start at the start.

Opening Moves

"Kiss me, beneath the milky twilight. Kiss me out of the bearded barley." — Sixpence None the Richer

At a bare minimum, make sure that you've taken care of any calluses or hangnails before any touching. Hands washed, nails trimmed and filed.

First and foremost, connect with her emotionally and energetically. Approach her without an agenda; without grasping or needing.

Our goal should be to experience her most real self, her most vulnerable and true condition, and in return to reveal your own.

Zipless fuck

In 1973, Erica Jong wrote "Fear of Flying," which coined the term "zipless fuck" — referring to an effortless sexual connection between two people, unencumbered by ulterior motives or power games. A moment of pure desire, even if only briefly.

When we approach each other with this mindset, we both enter a mutual feedback loop, in which each of us is emboldened to expose our authentic selves, layer by layer. This emotional connection is critical. We should be deep inside each other's eyes and hearts, before we plumb any physical depths.

And guys — slow down. (That sounds like a great title for the sequel: Slow the Fuck Down.)

I'm not even concerned with my own pleasure for the first hour. Once I lead her into a consistent stream of arousal, she becomes maximally engaged and self-motivated to reciprocate.

Almost at the Juicy Stuff

But first, the fine print.

When I talk about "her," I mean it in the traditional sense. If you identify as something else, more power to you, but these particular techniques are written around female anatomy.

Male pleasure enhancement is outside the scope of this book, though some of the same principles apply.

This book focuses primarily on manual stimulation techniques, which I've found to be the most reliable method for inducing polygasm.

Disclaimer: my experiences are not medical advice. Sex can be physically demanding. Be especially careful if either partner has a heart condition or similar concern — see the Contraindications chapter that follows.

Now that we've established a framework for understanding polygasm, let's move into the practical techniques that make these experiences possible.

Just remember that it is more about the approach than the technique. Physical technique matters, but if you haven't connected with her on a subtle, attentive level, you may be missing the most important part.

---

Contraindications: See Your Doctor First

Everything Told You Not to Do This Ought to Be a Chapter, Not a Footnote

I've scattered warnings through this whole book, and I meant every one of them. But scattered warnings are easy to skim past when you're excited, so here they all are in one place, where you can't pretend you didn't see them.

None of what follows is medical advice. I'm not a doctor. If any of this applies to you or your partner, talk to an actual one before you start.

Her heart, and yours.

Sustained multigasm sessions push heart rate, blood pressure, and breathing up for a long time — closer to a solid cardio workout than anything else I can compare it to. If either of you has a heart condition, arrhythmia, high blood pressure that isn't controlled, or any history of cardiac trouble, get cleared by a cardiologist first, the same way you'd check before starting a new exercise program.

The crash after.

Less obvious than the strain during a session is what happens right after it stops. Hours of that much arousal ending abruptly can trigger a real drop — lightheadedness, fainting, nausea, the shakes. If either of you has a history of fainting spells, POTS, or chronic fatigue syndrome, this deserves real caution.

Trauma, honestly.

This is the one I take most seriously. What makes polygasm work — the sheer volume of sensation quieting the analytical mind — is also what makes it risky for someone carrying real trauma, especially sexual trauma. Quieting your defenses isn't the same as healing what's underneath them. If either of you has significant unprocessed trauma, get a trauma-informed therapist involved before you get deep into this practice, not after something goes sideways.

Mental health.

Active psychosis, mania, or dissociative conditions: this is not the practice to try during an active episode. Severe anxiety or OCD isn't an automatic no, but loop in whoever's treating you before you go looking for triggers you don't need. Active addiction is worth knowing about too — this stuff produces something close to a drug-like state.

Personality and dissociation.

If either of you deals with borderline personality disorder or anything where your sense of self runs unstable day to day, be extra careful — the defenses this practice quiets might be the ones actually holding you together.

Separately: someone with a trauma history can sometimes go still and quiet in a way that looks like blissed-out surrender but is actually a freeze response. If you don't already know what your partner's dissociation looks like, have that conversation before a session, not during one.

Body stuff.

Pelvic pain, endometriosis, vaginismus, recent pelvic surgery, or pregnancy complications — get medical clearance first. Pregnancy in general: nobody's studied this practice during pregnancy, so don't assume it's fine.

Medications.

If she's on an MAOI, don't do this — full stop. High-dose SSRIs or anything else that affects serotonin or dopamine: loop in whoever prescribed it.

Neurodivergence.

If either of you is autistic or has significant ADHD, pay attention to how sustained, repetitive, high-intensity sensation actually lands — it can tip from ecstatic into overwhelming faster than you'd expect, and the crash afterward might hit differently too.

Consent, again.

I've already told you not to assume she can use the safe word when she's deep in it. I'm telling you again because it's the single most important sentence in this chapter. Agree on limits before you start, while both of you have full use of your brain. Check in during, out loud. And afterward — if either of you wants to walk something back that seemed fine in the moment, that's allowed.

What to actually do with all this.

Talk to your doctor if any of the above applies to you. Talk to a therapist if the trauma section applies to you. Go slower than this book's own enthusiasm might tempt you to go.

None of this is meant to scare you off. It's meant to make sure you're both still around, and still speaking to each other, by the time you get good at this.
